Informações :
https://dungeondefenders.fandom.com/wiki/Dungeon_Defenders_Wiki

"Etheria" was once a land of "living legends".
Long ago, "brave warriors" across the realm stood together against an immortal evil know as the "Old Ones".
In the wake of this struggle, the "champions" locked away the power of the "Old Ones" inside "Eternia Crystal".
Recently, the realm's "Heroes", called to a far away crusade, have left their "younger kin" to tend the castle and its chores.
Bored with their dreary duties, and imagining "action" and "adventure".
The "pupils" accidentaly unleash an "ancient force" that has long been dormant!
Now these "Heroes-in-training" will have to grow up quickly. Together they will defende the "Eternia Crystals" agains those who would seek to ressurect the "ancient evils"!

Depois de 4 fases 

The "Huntress, Squire, Apprentice and Monk" arrive at the castle's interior, exhausted after their epic battle with the terrifying monstrosity...
The "Apprentice" wonders where these dastardly creatures are coming from...
The "Huntress" remarks that evil beings must be drawn toward the energies contained within the "Eternia Crystals"...
The "Monk", who has taken a vow of silence, stoically stares off into the distance, as if remembering something from a dream.
The "Squire" boasts that it doesn't matter where their opponents hail from, as long as they fall beneath his sword...
On that the team agrees, and forges on into the battle to turn back the tide.

Though the royal "Throne Room" is in shambles, the four enjoy their victory over the "Goblin Army's" mechanical contraption...
But this joyful respite is rudely interrupted by a thunderous roar from outside!
Racing to the rooftops, they turn their eyes to the sky and see a gargantuan "dragon" circling over head, rallying his troops for the final assault!
The four "defenders" ready themselves for the ultimate battle ahead!

Royal Gardens 
The Ramparts
Endless Spires
The Summit

Bonus : Glitterhelm Caverns
Deep within the primeval foundations of Etheria, a power too great and terrible to imagine is protected

With evil hordes defeated, and the Old Ones safely imprisoned within the Eternia Crystal,
Etheria's four new champions : the Squire, the Huntress, Apprentice, and Monk enjoy a well-earned respite.
Etheria's citizen, overjoyed, celebrate your heroes' achievements.
A time of peace and prosperity spreads and our heroes patiently await the return of their legendary parents.
But, peace can not last forever
A mysterious figure appears, warning the heroes of an unforeseen threat: A tale of a long lost Eternia Crystal,
one that was shattered into four shards and scattered across the land.
Evil, long-forgotten beasts consume, the dark energy that spews forth from the shards, quietly growing in strength in regions most men have all-but forgotten.
Once they reach full capacity, these minions of evil will crush our heroes and bring the kingdom of Etheria to the brink of destruction.
But if the shards were to be recombined... this tide of darkness would be destroyed once and for all!
Having absorbed the mysterious figure's wisdom, our four heroes ready themselves for adventure.
They vow to recover the lost shards, restore the Eternia Crystal, and banish the evil from these distant lands!
Our heroes soon arrive at the outskirts of Etheria; a legendary forest named Mistymire, said to be home to the ancient Fairies...
But with the onset of this new terror, what dark secrets lie burried underneath its dense fog covered branches ?


